== token_so.pl ==
./token_so.pl <configfile>
* run this to get all the posts from stackoverflow related that are in the clt table
* new lines are removed from posts, but there is a black line between each post so that the end of one post is not considered in the > 1-gram of another post

== token_so_ce.pl ==
./token_so_ce.pl <config_file>
* pulls out the code elements based on their doc position and places a space between code elements and a new line between each post

== estimateNgram.pl ==
./estimateNgram.pl
* estimates an n-gram language model for first 10-gram order values e.g. 1-gram, 2-gram on given corpus.

Directory structure/ Setup required for estimateNgram.pl

* Create following 10 directories. Each directory corresponds to the n-gram folder that will be used to train language model for different order values of n. e.g. 1-gram, 2-gram, 3-gram … 9-gram, 10-gram.
     
* Copy following 10 Data set directories under each n-gram folder created above. Each data set directory will have corpus files which will be used to train and validate data model.
  DS1
  DS2
  DS3
   …
  DS9
  DS10

*Place estimateNgram.pl at the same level as n-gram directories described above.

== evaluateNgram.pl ==

. / evaluateNgram.pl
* Evaluates the performance of an n-gram language model. It computes perplexity and cross entropy for different n-gram order values. Script can be easily configured for values of n.

Directory structure/ Setup required for evaluateNgram.pl

* Make sure estimateNgram.pl has been successfully executed.
* Place evaluateNgram.pl alongside estimateNgram.pl.





== File Splitter ==
It is a utility written in java that randomly splits the data over 10 different files of equal sizes. It has 1 java file, 2 directories data and splitted_files.

1. Data Setup required before we run this utility
   Place the data file into data directory
2. Run:
   Java FileSplitter data_file_name
   e.g.
   Java FileSplitter android.in

3. After the successful run of this utility splitted files will be placed under splitted_files directory.
